70 years after the second world war
in Europe , the smell of burning again and the most
terrible about what could not think
win or as well as the millions killed
tortured fascist torture chambers
concentration camps that we their heirs will
shoot each other brother go to brother
and will destroy it but it happened
happened on earth plentifully watered
blood winners spooky gift fallen
and living terrible pain for the living
veterans millennial history forever
rallied 3 kindred people of Belarusians
Russian Ukrainians tragic events
our brothers is our pain
Belarus has already done a lot for this
so that peace reigns in the Ukrainian land
and we are ready to do even more for it
all you need to stop this
the war
if we are Slavs if we have reason
do not agree do not decide what we
no one else can help us
generally humanly speaking dear
veterans and not only veterans
I want to say frankly all the parades and
festive events good
veterans appreciate it but if by and large
we turned out to be bad heirs
those who won that war we did not save
didn't keep that country
which they defended and moreover we
unleashed on this land Slavic land
unforgivable war for us and what
before we realize it and we will do everything
necessary to stop her and
repent while alive not only
veterans but war veterans are better
will be for our generation